1. Transparent hyper-surveilled state, for an exceptionally low public crime rate and to hold degenerate "authorities" accountable;
  1.1 Access to and usage of an open surveillance network is traced, to prevent abnormal usuage;
    1.2.1 Interiors of private homes are not surveilled using the open surveillance network, excepting real emergencies;
  1.2 Degenerate & dishonourable "authorities" who persecute and directly attack an unarmed and non-threatening person's vital organs, equivalent to life-threatening torture, where there was no illegal act committed by the person, are held accountable for attempted murder, and murder if immediately or eventually fatal (torture significantly reduces life-expectancy, usually through failure of the attacked vital organ); 
    1.2.1 There being no attacker-side (the degenerate & dishonourable "authorities") surveillance of the torture and attempt further results in replacement of all local governing bodies responsible;
      1.2.2 Unless, the "authorities" (holding each individual responsible for their actions) are swiftly put on trial; 
  1.3 Degenerate & dishonourable "authorities" who aim an assault rifle point-blank at and persecute, an unarmed and non-threatening person, where there was no illegal act committed by the person, are charged with threats to murder using state-mandated weapons;
    1.3.1 Which is equivalent to a threat to execute, by firing squad (typically three armed "people");
  1.4 Sabotaging access to information, and legal assistance, is a criminical act; especially by degenerate & dishonourable "authorities";
  1.5 Swatting a person is criminal, even during a "fake" emergency, and results in criminal charges proportional to the outcome;
  1.6 Attacking a persons head is attempted murder or murder (attacking a vital organ) - excepting sport, forcing apes to evolve;
  1.7 Surveillance of visitors within one's declared sanctuary (private home), conditioned on a cryptographically-verifiable notification given to visitors;
  1.8 Raising your voice to assert a point is legal, and will not result in escalation to any tactical police units aiming assault rifles to coerce and deceive you into a place to inflict torture/attempted murder or delayed homocide;
  1.9 Aiming a state-mandated assault rifle (which is a threat to murder) at a person exercising basic human rights, without a court order or genuine emergency, to coerce them into an interrogation at any location (hospital, police station, vehicle, ... etc) is illegal;
2. Electric engines are the only type of engines which are legal to operate;
3. Isolated, tall glass towers;
4. School on a hill with views of a tall glass tower duskward;
5. Rolling grass hills, sparsely populated with tall trees between sections of the city;
6. Built on the foundations of Foundational and Computational Sovereignty;
7. Controlled imports using several fixed X-ray vehicle/container scanner checkpoints (N vendors, N checkpoints);
8. Restricted basic income: either abudant shelter, or restricted market access to abundance, you choose so that either way, one must contribute their greatness to receive the other (Paleolithic);
9. And about the population: 1, 10, 100, 1 000, 10 000, 100 000, 1 000 000.
